feat(highlight): tweak default color scheme (#26540)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/vim_diff.txt

  ":filetype off" to |init.vim|.
- Syntax highlighting is enabled by default. This can be disabled by adding
  ":syntax off" to |init.vim|.

> - Default color scheme has been updated. In particular it might result into
>   color schemes looking differently in Nvim. It is due to them relying on
>   implicit assumptions of how highlight groups are defined by default.
>   This can be reversed by adding ":colorscheme vim" to |init.vim| or color
>   scheme file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default color scheme has been updated. This can result in color schemes 
  looking differently due to them relying on how highlight groups are defined 
  by default. Add ":colorscheme vim" to |init.vim| or your color scheme file to
  restore the old default links and colors.
```
